the book of Esther
now it came to pass in the days of a has
you eros
this was the Hazzard heiress who reigned
over 127 provinces from India to
Ethiopia in those days when King
Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his
kingdom which was in Shushan The Citadel
that in the third year of his reign he
made a feast for all his officials and
servants the powers of Persia and media
the nobles and the princes of the
provinces being before him when he
showed the riches of his glorious
Kingdom and the splendor of his
excellent majesty for many days 180 days
in all and when these days were
completed the King made a feast lasting
seven days for all the people who were
present in Shushan the Citadel from
great to small in the court of the
garden of the king's palace there were
white and blue linen curtains fastened
with cords of fine linen and purple on
silver rods and marble pillars and the
couches were of gold and silver on a
mosaic pavement of alabaster turquoise
and white and black marble and they
serve drinks in golden vessels each
vessel being different from the other
with royal wine in abundance according
to the generosity of the king in
accordance with the law the drinking was
not compulsory for so the King had
ordered all the officers of his
household that they should do according
to each man's pleasure Queen Vashti also
made a feast for the women in the Royal
Palace which belonged to King Ahasuerus
on the seventh day when the heart of the
King was merry with wine he commanded me
human busines harbona big fur a bag fur
dzifa and carcass seven eunuchs who
served in the presence of King Ahasuerus
to bring Queen Vashti before the king
wearing her royal crown in order to show
her beauty to the people and the
officials for she was beautiful to
behold but Queen Vashti refused to come
at the king's command brought by his
eunuchs therefore the king was furious
and his anger burned within him then the
king said to the wise men who understood
the times for this was the Kings manner
toward all who knew law and justice
those closest to him being Kushina ether
advaitha
Tasha SH Mira's Messina and memucan the
seven princes of Persia and media who
had access to the King's presence and
who ranked highest in the kingdom what
shall we do to Queen Vashti according to
law because she did not obey the command
of King Ahasuerus brought to her by the
eunuchs and
memucan answered before the king and the
princes Queen Vashti has not only
wronged the King but also all the
princes and all the people her in all
the provinces of King Ahasuerus
for the Queen's behavior will become
known to all women so that they will
despise their husbands in their eyes
when they report King Ahasuerus
commanded Queen Vashti to be brought in
before him
but she did not come this very day the
noble ladies of Persia and Medea will
say to all the king's officials that
they have heard of the behavior of the
queen thus there will be excessive
contempt and wrath if it pleases the
king let a royal decree go out from him
and let it be recorded in the laws of
the Persians and the Medes so that it
will not be altered that rushed I shall
come no more before King Ahasuerus and
let the King give her royal position to
another who is better than she when the
Kings decree which he will make his
proclaim throughout all his empire for
it is great all wives will honor their
husbands both great and small and the
reply pleased the king and the princes
and the King did according to the word
of memucan
then he sent letters to all the king's
provinces to each province in its own
script and to every people in their own
language
that each man should be master in his
own house and speak in the language of
his own people